# Website Notes
## 12/30/14 meeting with Joe
<hr>

### General
- blocks are harder to read. let's try for a more vertical, list-based approach to navigation
- To that point, the menu at the top of the page should be the primary nav. Try not to be redundant.
- Eliminate big buttons at top of pages.
- a page of links is not ideal. Let's get those onto the parent page
- Use FAQ page as a guide...
- Buttons over images should be initially opaque to let some of the background peek through
- Just list name, role, basic contact info on department pages
- Rethink the Quick Links
    - What should they be?
    - Is there something else to call them? This may seem like a question of semantics, but it might help guide us in deciding what should go where
- Under the current Quick Links idea, these seem most important:
    - Zoning Ordinance
    - Zoning App
    - Dates & deadlines
    - BoA
    - Comp Plan (I think this means prep for 2016...)
- To what degree can we eliminate this green space around the edges? Should the background just be an image? Should we alter the existing arrangement of a picture filling the initial view to something that extends further down the page? What do these things look like?


### Homepage
- Conent needs to be there straight-away
- It'd be nice to have a space where we can change out conent regularly
- Instead of a fat list of Planning Commissioners, let's simplify it and get some basic bio info
- Links on the homepage should be more general, that is, not specific to any single department. Most things are related to Planning, but there are things like meetings, agenda, etc. that also relate to Engineering and GIS. Those things should be on the homepage.

### Planning
- Current projects is a point of emphasis
- Move PoDR to Public Information tab
- Create a Regs & Subregs Section
- Eliminate developer and public information links pages. Just make these a list on the home page
- Make sure links to Current Projects works
    - I hate to say it, but we might have to eliminate the big project icons...Let's hold off on that. Perhaps with a styleguide we can specify how to go about making one...

### Engineering
- Floodplane info should be a tab item

### Social Media
- Pick up accounts for:
  - Facebook
  - Twitter (gscpc, gscplanning)
  - Instagram (gscpc, gscplanning)
- What are the moderation policies for these different services?
- What sort of posting guidelines to others use?
- How many people or who should have access to the account?

