# Website Notes
## 1/6/15 staff meeting
<hr>

### General
- New deadline: February 1 (a Sunday)
    - This probably means we should shoot for 1/26
- Internal navigation remains important
- Main images on each page
    - Dark vs Light
        - Lighter Filter?
        - Non-white text color?
- Offer non-departmental form of navigation from homepage
    - I need...
        - Developer info
        - Public info
        - Something else
    - Megan will provide some better defined categories
    - Who are potential audiences?
        - Developers
        - Realtors/Appraisors
        - Public
- Need a way to direct people to other departments when they're searching for things that we don't do in our department. 
- Eliminate document pages. Just open the PDF in a new tab.
    - Keeping <em>The Skinny</em> and some of the calendars is probably still advised, but long documents can just go to the PDF in a new tab
- Do we really need a list of all the planning commissioners and past employees?
- It would be cool to get a departmental history page that we could use to talk about the introduction of planning in Scott County. This may be a good place to include that list of past commissioners and employees.

### Home
- May need to eliminate carousel on the homepage. Mary suggested that it draws too much focus to the images because they move. Also consider a more subtle transition effect.

### Planning
- Sub-Regulations = Subdivision Regulations (Lesson learned)
- Eliminate the Sub-Regulations label
- Just list all the special regulations under "Regulations"

### Engineering
- <em>Nothing specific to planning</em>

### GIS
- Rename Zoning App to something else
    - Zoning Map
    - Interactive Zoning Map
    - Zoning Map App
- Link to ArcGIS Online homepage...Not all available apps are listed

### Social Media
- Continued that discussion
- Looks like Megan will likely be in charge
